docs: add changelog for 4.2.0 (#457)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/changelog.rst

Changelog
*********

4.2.0 (2024-Sep-12)
-------------------

Application
===========

- Add a configuration service to unify handling of command line arguments,

>   environment variables, snap configuration, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  environment variables, snap configurations, and so on.
```

> - Properly support ``--shell``, ``--shell-after`` and ``--debug`` on the

Reviewer 2: This might be better under a "Lifecycle commands" subheader or something?

Author: how about just a "Commands" subheader?

  ``pack`` command.

> - Use the standard library to get proxies set on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the standard library to retrieve the host's proxies.
```
